CDRIVER-5708 deprecate `mongoc_<obj>_command` (#1778)
mongodb/mongo-c-driver: src/libmongoc/doc/mongoc_database_command.rst

                           const bson_t *command,
                           const bson_t *fields,
                           const mongoc_read_prefs_t *read_prefs)

>      BSON_GNUC_WARN_UNUSED_RESULT BSON_GNUC_DEPRECATED_FOR (mongoc_database_command_simple);

Reviewer: I believe these attribute-like macros should be omitted from documentation (similar to how `MONGOC_EXPORT` is omitted). These control compiler output but are not meant for users to read (these documentation pages serve that purpose instead).

> This function is superseded by :symbol:`mongoc_database_command_simple()`.

Reviewer: Should this be moved into the deprecation note instead?

----------

* ``database``: A :symbol:`mongoc_database_t`.
* ``flags``: Unused.
* ``skip``: Unused.
* ``limit``: Unused.
* ``batch_size``: Unused.
* ``command``: A :symbol:`bson:bson_t` containing the command.
* ``fields``: Unused.
* ``read_prefs``: An optional :symbol:`mongoc_read_prefs_t`. Otherwise, the command uses mode ``MONGOC_READ_PRIMARY``.

Migrating
---------

:symbol:`mongoc_database_command` is deprecated.

The following example uses :symbol:`mongoc_database_command`:

.. literalinclude:: ../examples/migrating.c
   :language: c
   :dedent: 6
   :start-after: // mongoc_database_command ... before ... begin
   :end-before:  // mongoc_database_command ... before ... end
   :caption: Before

> To migrate, use a non-deprecated alternative, like :symbol:`mongoc_database_command_simple`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above code block may be rewritten to use :symbol:`mongoc_database_command_simple` instead, as shown below:
```
Wording tweaks: indicate the code block below is equivalent to the code block above.

Suggestion also applies to the other doc pages.
